Add docs for `browserSessionIntegration` and `trackIncomingRequestsAsSessions` as alternative to `autoSessionTracking` in JS SDKs (#12056)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/browsersession.mdx

---
title: BrowserSession
description: "Track healthy Sessions in the Browser."
notSupported:
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.node
  - javascript.aws-lambda
  - javascript.azure-functions
  - javascript.connect
  - javascript.express
  - javascript.fastify
  - javascript.gcp-functions
  - javascript.hapi
  - javascript.koa
  - javascript.nestjs
  - javascript.deno
  - javascript.cloudflare
  - javascript.bun
---

<Alert level="info">

This integration only works inside a browser environment.

</Alert>

_Import name: `Sentry.browserSessionIntegration`_

Sentry's [Release Health](/product/releases/health/) feature allows you to track user adoption and your application's crash-free rate.

> 
> The BrowserSession integration will create a Session that is used to track the health of your release when the user loads your page or application.
> Sessions will be marked as faulty when an error is captured while a Session is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the BrowserSession integration is enabled, it automatically creates a session each time a user loads your page or application. These sessions are used to track your release health. If an error is captured during an active session, the session will be flagged as faulty. 
```
